NOKIA CELLPHONE SMALL windows truetype font
===========================================

Info
====

This is a font that emulates the bitmap font used by Nokia-based cell phones.
As the name implies ("Nokia Cellphone Small"), this is the "Small" font - used
on some menus, not the data fields (which it used a "big" font).

This is VERSION 2 - Optimized for Macromedia Flash usage (no hollows) and with
a MAC TTF version provided by Chris Moritz (fieldofaction3@home.com). Many
thanks to him for this conversion that seems to work 100%. You can visit him
at http://members.home.net/fieldofaction3/ .

Reason + process
================

This was done because 1) I needed to use it on some projects and 2) I saw lots
of people asking for a font like this. So I had some experience in creating
bitmap-emulating truetype fonts (that is, a truetype, vector-based font that
works as if it was a bitmap-based font) and then I decided to do this thingie.
I send a message to my Nokia 6120 cell phone with every characters that the
cell phone had and then scanned the cellphone screens to rebuild it using
fontlab 3.

BE SURE TO USE THIS FONT IN SIZE 10 ON PHOTOSHOP (consider you're using 72dpi).
Since it is a vector-based font that EMULATES a BITMAP font, it's very easy
for this font to appear all wrong. TEST SIZES until it is perfect (not all
blocky), but most probably 10 IS THE SIZE TO BE USED (or multiples of it - 20,
30, 40 and so on).

Copyright and stuff
===================

This is a free font/file, distribute as you wish to who you wish. Do NOT sell
this font within a CD or any other media; it's not yours and you can't make
money of it.

I don't know if the original Nokia font has some copyright or stuff. Hope not.
Anyways, buy a Nokia, and I think everything's gonna be alright. :)

Author
======

This font was done by Zeh Fernando on Fontlab on a PC. A MAC version is
not available - I don't have a Mac, I don't have a way to convert, sorry (if
someone is willing to convert/reexport it and test using Mac-based software,
please contact me).

Zeh Fernando
AZUL84 experimental fonts + crap :: www.fatorcaos.com.br/azul84
rorshack@fatorcaos.com.br + www.fatorcaos.com.br/ze